TEST: an unplaced strike package fires at the ENEMY, on the same cascade as the placed one.

The 2026-09-20 redesign of the Escalation endgame, in the two claims it turns on.

  AT THE ENEMY. A side that places nothing during the final-exchange window has its OWN
  game-ender fired for it, aimed at the OTHER side's half of the map. What this replaced --
  "Dead Hand" -- built ONE map-wide salvo with no owner over every derrick, Supply Route and
  city on the map, so it bombed the side that had just declined to aim exactly as hard as it
  bombed their enemy. No test could see that: the salvo had no owner to attribute a warhead to.

  ONE CASCADE. Every warhead of BOTH packages lands on a slot of one evenly-spaced sequence,
  anchored past the window's close. The old shape had two unrelated clocks -- Dead Hand flew on
  a 30-tick lead-in while a Sarmat carries MissileDelay 500 -- so the machine's warheads landed
  roughly eight and a half seconds before the player's own, on every map, every time. That is
  what the user watched happen and reported.

WHAT IT DOES. USA and Russia hold one Supply Route each on a 64x32 map with the DEFCON border
derived down the middle. The Time Limit expires at tick 100 and the window opens; USA places its
B83 at tick 130 and Russia deliberately places nothing. At tick 350 the window closes and
Russia's own Sarmat is fired for it.

WHAT IT ASSERTS.
  1. The window is exactly FinalExchangeWindowTicks long and reaches phase Closed.
  2. USA is recorded as having placed; Russia is not, and exactly N aim points are chosen for it.
  3. Every one of Russia's aim points is nearer USA's Supply Route than its own, and none is
     inside the border band.
  4. Every warhead of both packages is scheduled inside [anchor, anchor + (2N-1) * spacing], and
     the anchor is strictly after the window's close.
  5. The match resolves: SalvoInProgress goes true and then false.

PASS is the answer. Each fault message names the one mechanism that produces it and what to read
in debug.log; there is no shared failure mode between the five.

READ FIRST if changing it: map.yaml's header for the border geometry and the HomeLocation trap
that would otherwise make the whole run vacuous, and rules.yaml for why every compressed clock is
the value it is.

  ./tools/autotest/run-test.sh --hidden test-final-exchange-autofire
